Your Majesty, please forgive me and punish me.
I indeed made a jest of this matter. Please, get up.
I was just worried that the wretch might harm you.
What if he grabbed the dagger and took you hostage?
I’m not that foolish.
Fortunately, you’re fine.
Don’t do such foolish things in the future.
Otherwise, I would have to live a widow’s life, and you’d worry about me.
In the future, I will be self-disciplined and cautious.
Be careful.
Ah, it’s me, Ruo Li.
I still have medicines to deal with.
Eat a little more.
I’ll accompany you for a while.
Ah.
I’ll come back earlier tonight to keep you company.
Ah, it seems like I’m getting more entangled with you.
Gong Fei has been sent to the cold palace.
There’s no chance of a comeback.
I’ve fulfilled my agreement with the Empress Dowager.
Are we leaving the palace?
Ah, I’m really losing my mind.
What’s more important than love? Freedom?
Yuan.
Go to Cining Palace.